Round 1
This location features a rural landscape with lots of open pastureland, recognizable by open green fields and fence posts surrounding fields to keep animals within. This landscape is most common in areas such as the British Isles and northern France, however wooden fence posts are much less common in France.
The vegetation is deciduous and there are lots of trees lining the sides of roads. This is much more common in England than other regions of the British Isles such as Ireland or Scotland, where vegetation does not grow nearly as tall.
Conclusion: This location is likely in England, based on the landscape and vegetation, but cannot be determined for certain.

Round 2
This location features square concrete electricity poles with step indents going up the side of the pole. This pole design is found in Brazil. The pole also contains small diagonal supports below the horizontal bar at the top of the pole. These diagonal supports are found commonly everywhere in Brazil besides the northeast of the country. This insulator configuration, which features tall black insulators with an asymmetrical design, with two on one side and one on the other, is most common in states in the central part of Brazil, such as Para, Tocantins, Goias, Bahia, Mato Grosso, and Mato Grosso do Sul.
There is a large satellite dish which is white and opaque. This satellite dish design is commonly used in Brazil, but not in other Latin American countries. Indonesia also commonly uses this design.
The architecture features simple homes with red tiled roofs of poor quality. This type of roof is most commonly found in the northeast of the country.
The landscape is flat and tropical. There are coconut palms on the right, which are most common in coastal areas, and palms on the left which are likely aricuri palms, most commonly found in the state of Bahia. 
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Brazil. It is likely in the state of Bahia, along the coast of the country.

Round 3
This location features a road with only inner markings. White center lines, as seen here, are most common in European countries.
The vegetation suggests a northern European country, with trees such as birch and Scots pine visible. Scots pine is especially common in countries neighboring the Baltic Sea, while birches can be seen in many parts of Europe but become more common as you go further north.
The road has a unique purple color to the asphalt, which is most commonly seen in Poland. The poorer quality of the road, with many patches and faded markings, also are more common in Eastern European countries such as Poland.
The landscape is flat and forested, which is typical for Poland, a country which has relatively little elevation change throughout most of the country.
Conclusion: This location is almost certainly in Poland. It is difficult to determine where in the country.

Round 4
This location features double yellow center lines, which is primarily found in countries in the Americas.
The landscape is arid and there is sparse vegetation, mostly consisting of small bushes such as sagebrush. The presence of sagebrush is indicative of the inland western United States.
There are wooden electricity poles visible, recognizable due to their dark brown color, which are commonly found in the United States and Canada.
There are hills visible which have a mesa-like shape, with flat tops and rocky outcrops. This landscape is most commonly found in the American southwest, in states such as New Mexico, Utah, Arizona, and Colorado.
Red-orange soil is particularly common in areas near the four-corners region of the aforementioned states.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in the United States. It is difficult to determine what state for certain, however it is likely in the four corners region of the southwest United States.

Round 5
The coverage in this location was taken with a lower quality camera only found in several countries such as Cambodia, India, Sri Lanka, and a few others.
The landscape is extremely flat and open with large rice fields and few trees. Rice fields as agriculturally intensive as seen here can only be found in a few areas in the aforementioned countries, such as in the upper Ganges plain of India or in parts of Cambodia such as near Battambang.
The road is an unpaved road with a brownish-red soil color. Dirt roads among rice fields are far more common in Cambodia than in the Ganges Plain of India, where roads tend to be asphalted. In addition, the reddish color of the soil is more likely to be found in Cambodia than in India, where sandier or loamier soils are more common.
Conclusion: While it is difficult to determine for certain, this location is probably in Cambodia, perhaps near the city of Battambang.
