Round 1
This location features square concrete electricity poles which have indents with “ladder steps” in them. These poles are also painted white at the bottom. These poles are indicative of Brazil. 
More specifically, the electricity poles feature a pole top that has a gamma shape and has diagonal supports. The use of diagonal supports is common everywhere in Brazil besides the northeast of the country. The pole top also features insulators that are spool shaped. This design is most commonly found in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Ceara. The combination of diagonal supports and spool insulator indicates that this is most likely in the state of Rio de Janeiro.
There is a coast visible to the east., with some land jutting out to form a bay. Coast to the east fits best for the eastern part of Rio de Janeiro. After scanning, an area that lines up is the city of Macae, where there is also a road with a median along the coast.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Brazil. After narrowing down the region and lining up the coast, this location fits the city of Macae in eastern Rio de Janeiro state.

Round 2
This location features a no parking sign indicative of Canada. While the US has similar sign designs, these signs have text which says “no parking.” In Canada, this sign does not contain text.
There are wooden poles visible, as is commonly found in both the US and Canada. The pole in the distance appears to have a front facing insulator and a transform at a 45 degree angle from the road. Both of these aspects suggest that Nova Scotia is the most likely option.
The architecture , which mostly consists of small rectangular homes made of wood, is typical for the Atlantic coast of the US and Canada, in areas such as New England and the maritime provinces.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Canada, most likely in the province of Nova Scotia.

Round 3
This location features architectures indicative of France. Simple one story rectangular homes with shutters on windows and walls that have colors that can be described as tan or earthy are most indicative of France.
The vegetation is more indicative of the southwest of France, with many poplars visible, more commonly found in the south of France, and overall green climate.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in France. It is likely in the southwest of France.

Round 4
This location features an electricity pole which has a reflective wrapping with yellow and black vertical stripes. This wrapping is found in Japan.
The vegetation includes cherry blossoms, commonly associated with Japan, and other vegetation such as conifers in the distance which may suggest a more northerly environment.
The architecture consists of homes with red, blue or, silver colored roofs. Notably, these roofs are not tiled but are instead metal. This is more commonly found in the north of the country, in areas that receive more snow, such as the northern island of Hokkaido.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Japan. Based on the vegetation and architecture, the island of Hokkaido is most likely.

Round 5
This location features an electricity pole with an asymmetrical design, with one insulator on one side of the top of the pole and two insulators on the other side. While this is not unique to Mexico, it is the most common pole design found in the country.
On the sides of buildings, there are cylindrical electricity counters which protrude from the wall. This cylindrical design is the design used throughout Mexico.
The architecture is typical of Mexico, with many different brightly colored buildings visible. The use of red brick for siding is specific to the central and west of the country, in areas such as Guanajuato, Jalisco, and Sinaloa.
The presence of cypress trees suggests an area with a more arid climate not near the coast, such as Guanajuato or some areas of Jalisco.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Mexico. It is likely in the central part of the country, such as in Guanajuato or eastern Jalisco. 
