Round 1
This location features round electricity poles which have alternating hooked insulators near the top of the pole. This design is used in several eastern European countries such as Bulgaria, Croatia, and Latvia. 
The architecture consists of rectangular houses with hipped roofs made of red tiles. This style is typical of Bulgaria. 
The landscape is fairly mountainous, which fits for Bulgaria, especially the western half of the country, such as around Sofia.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Bulgaria. It is likely in the western half of the country where it is more mountainous.

Round 2
There is a car visible in the distance which appears to be driving on the left side of the road. In addition, the car has a yellow license plate. Within Europe, the United Kingdom is the only country which has left hand drive and uses yellow license plates.
The landscape is slightly hilly with open green pastures separated by fences and rock walls. Rock walls are common in Scotland and Northern England, and some parts of Wales.
The vegetation includes lots of ferns along the side of the road, which suggests an area that gets a very high rainfall. Within the UK, ferns are more common in the north and west of the country, such as in Scotland, Northern England, and Northern Ireland.
There are lots of larger deciduous trees, perhaps oaks, which indicate a temperate climate not too northern. This vegetation is much more rare in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in the United Kingdom. Based on the vegetation and rock walls, it is most likely in Northern England.

Round 3
This location features a road with yellow center lines and white outer lines, which is most commonly used in countries in the Americas.
There is an electricity pole visible which is made of wood and has a horizontal crossbar like the style used in the United States and Canada. However, this pole also appears to be noticeably bent, which is often seen on poles in Bolivia.
The landscape is hilly and the climate is tropical with dense tall grasses. This fits for parts of Bolivia in the east of the country, which is at lower elevation, by the foothills of the Andes. South of Santa Cruz de la Sierra, there are small ridges that run north-south alongside the road like the one seen here.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Bolivia. It is likely in the southeast of the country, perhaps near the city of Camiri.

Round 4
This location features signs with Arabic language. There also appears to be English partially visible on a sign. Many countries in the Middle East are not covered on google streetview, however some countries that used both Arabic and English include Jordan, Qatar, UAE, and Oman. 
The license plates are long horizontal white plates. Of the aforementioned countries, only Jordan and the UAE have this design. 
This location is in a larger urban area and the topography is slightly hilly. This would fit for Jordan’s capital, Amman, which is very hilly, while cities in the UAE such as Dubai and Sharjah are very flat.
The architecture, which consists of sandstone buildings, is very typical for Jordan and nearby areas such as the West Bank. 
The poorer quality of the asphalt on the road, with many cracks and potholes, is fairly common in Jordan, while in other countries such as the UAE it is much less likely.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Jordan, likely in the capital, Amman. 

Round 5
This location features brick homes with black slate roofs. Many of these houses are rectangular with two stories. This style of architecture is indicative of Belgium, and more rarely the Brabant region of the Netherlands.
There is an electricity pole visible which is a rectangular concrete pole. This pole design is used in Belgium.
The road is made of asphalt but there is a narrow concrete gutter on the side of the road. These gutters are extremely common in Belgium.
The landscape is very flat, suggesting an area in the north or west of the country, in the Flanders region.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Belgium. It is likely in the Flanders region in the north of the country.

