Round 1
This location features electricity poles that are concrete and have a square shaped post with indents in it. The insulators on the top of the pole are asymmetrical, so that two are on one side and one is on the other side of the center. One country that uses poles of this design is Brazil.
There are fences made of makeshift wooden posts, which is most commonly seen in Latin American countries.
The landscape is flat and tropical. There is a species of palm on the far right and in the distance, which resembles an oil palm. This type of palm is commonly found along the coast of Bahia.
The soil is a light, sandy color, which within Brazil is most typical of coastal areas.
There is a small house in the distance that has a red-orange colored roof. Tiled roofs of this color are the most common type of roof found in Brazil.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Brazil. It is most likely in Bahia state, along the coast.

Round 2
This location features infrastructure indicative of Japan, such as the white painted guardrail with a small yellow circular reflector. Signs are on the left side of the road, since Japan is a left-hand drive country. The electricity pole in the distance features a small vertical bar at the top of the pole, which may indicate a certain region, however it is too far to determine for certain.
Large concrete walls along the side of the road are very commonly found in Japan as well as other Asian countries, as a means to prevent landslides in hilly terrain.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Japan. It is difficult to determine where in the country based on the clues visible.

Round 3
The shadow of the google streetview car is visible, pointing to the south. This indicates that the sun is north, which means that this location is in the southern hemisphere.
The landscape is a relatively flat grassland area with a dark brown colored soil. This soil color, combined with the open grassland landscape, is typical of South Africa’s “Highveld” region, located to the south of Johannesburg especially in Free State.
The electricity poles are made of wooden posts, which is the primary material used for poles in South Africa.
In the distance, farmsteads are visible, which are very common in the inland regions of South Africa. These farmsteads are surrounded by eucalyptus, a common tree planted in the country.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in South Africa. Based on the landscape, it is most likely in Free State.

Round 4
This location features are yellow diamond sign with a black and white striped signpost. This sign design is found in Peru, when combined with the fact that it is set up for right-hand drive.
Yellow center lines are found in Peru, like many other countries in Latin America. Raised pavement markers are used between these lines.
There is a concrete gutter along the side of the road for drainage. This is very common in many Andean countries such as Peru and Colombia.
While the landscape is mountainous, the vegetation is lush and green, suggesting a more tropical area on the eastern side of the Andes. This landscape, with mountains that are not especially high or prominent, is most common in the north of Peru, such as in Amazonas region.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Peru. It is likely in the northern part of the country, on the eastern side of the Andes mountains.

Round 5
This location features google streetview coverage that uses a poorer quality camera found in certain countries such as India, Cambodia, and Nigeria, among others.
The landscape is relatively flat and dry, with only small trees and many shrubs and bushes, such as mesquite bush (juliflora). This vegetation suggests India, where mesquite is very common, especially in Rajasthan and nearby regions.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in India, likely in Rajasthan state.
