Round 1
This location features a tropical climate with palms visible such as coconut palms and small date palms. There is also a body of water nearby. The vegetation is indicative of South Asia. 
There is a tuktuk, or auto rickshaw, visible in the distance, whose design is found in Bangladesh. It is identifiable by a rounded front, rectangular back, and open sides.
The soil is sandy and light colored, due to alluvial deposits. This is very typical of Bangladesh, a country whose geography is largely formed by the Ganges delta.
The road is a narrow asphalt road, as is most commonly found in Bangladesh and other south Asian countries.
Within the country of Bangladesh, coconut palms are most commonly found in the southern half of the country. Date palms, on the other hand, are more common in the west of the country. This suggests that the southwest part of country is most likely.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Bangladesh. It is likely in Khulna Division, in the southwest of the country.

Round 2
This location features a bollard, or reflective post, which is white and has a rectangular red reflector on the front and a grey reflector on the back. This bollard design is found in Australia. There is also a triangular sign with English text saying “GIVE WAY,” which is found in Australia.
While there are many eucalyptus trees, identifiable by their smooth white bark and thin bunched up leaves, there are also many decorative palm trees found in front of homes. Decorative palm trees can be found in many parts of Australia, but are by far most common in the state of Queensland.
There are electricity poles visible, which are made out of wooden posts. Within Australia, certain regions, such as Queensland, New South Wales, and Western Australia, use wooden poles, while other regions such as Victoria, Northern Territory, and South Australia tend to use other materials such as concrete or steel.
The asphalt pavement has a noticeably pinker color on certain parts of the road. This is common in certain parts of Australia such as the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia and the area around Charters Towers in north central Queensland.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Australia. Based on the vegetation and pavement, it is mostly likely in Queensland in the Charters Towers area.

Round 3
This location features wooden electricity poles with a single insulator on the side of the top of the pole, which is a pole design most commonly found in the US and Canada. 
The architecture is indicative of a more isolated northern region of Canada away from major cities. Houses that are prefabricated with simple wood panelling and a low roof are typical for these areas.
The landscape is very flat and features open grassland and few trees. This landscape best fits the Great Plains  or Canadian Prairies region.
There is a large grain silo visible in the distance, which is very commonly found in rural towns in the Canadian Prairies.
There are blue street signs visible. Blue signs are much more commonly found in the Canadian Prairies than in nearby regions of the US, where green street signs are most predominant.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Canada. It is in the Canadian Prairies, however it is difficult to determine which province it is.

Round 4
This location features a residential suburban neighborhood with architecture typical of Australia and New Zealand, using brick walls, tiled roofs, and large windows.
There is a white license plate visible on a parked car, which appears to have a shorter, more square design. This design fits better for New Zealand than Australia, which typically uses longer horizontal license plates.
The vegetation, while mostly planted and non-native, suggests a colder climate than found in most parts of New Zealand, with trees such as birches visible. Considering the fact that this appears to be a suburb of a larger city, this vegetation would best fit for Christchurch, on the South Island of the country.
The terrain is relatively flat, which fits for Christchurch, a city located on the Canterbury Plains.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in New Zealand. It is most likely in Christchurch, on the South Island of the country.

Round 5
This location features an urban area within a tropical country. While there is not much vegetation visible, plants such as the papaya tree visible on the left side of the road confirm this. 
The road contains yellow center lines, which is most commonly found in countries in the Americas.
The cars notably do not have front license plates, which is indicative of only several countries in Latin America, namely Panama and the Dominican Republic.
The vehicle used to capture the google streetview coverage is slightly visible, as it is a white truck with a small coiled antenna at the front. This vehicle was used in several countries around the world such as Kazakhstan, Oman, and Senegal, but also in Panama.
The density of the buildings suggests a larger urban area. This would best fit for the area around Panama City, the capital of the country.
Conclusion: This location is 100% in Panama, likely near the capital Panama City.
